##第15&16讲笔记 
**Example**: But 主the idea 定that 1) the journalist must understand the law more profoundly 2) than an ordinary citizen 谓rests on 宾an understanding 定 1) of the established conventions and special responsibilities 2)of the news media. 

####Diversity 现实的多样性

1.  主要调整 名词性从句的计算        
    名词性从句：从句是一个完整的句子
     *   宾语从句 I think that
     *   主语从句 That ... is good
     *   同位语从句 I have an idea that ...
     
    **Example**: I think that the man in the car is Tom.
    从句部分 单独处理
    
 **Example**: 主The Greeks 谓assumed 宾语从句that the structure of language had some connection with the process of thought, 1)which took root 2)in Europe 3)long before 4)people realized 5)how diverse language could be.

**Example**: 主He 谓believes 宾语从句that this very difficulty may have had the compensating advantage 定语of forcing him to think long and intently about every sentence, and thus enabling him to detect errors in reasoning and in his own observations.

**Example**: 主（A long-held view） of the history of English colonies that became the United States 谓（has been） that England's policy toward these colonies before 1763 was dictated by commercial interests and that a change to a more imperial policy, dominated by expansionist militarist objectives, generated the tensions that ultimately led to the American Revolution.
      （两个that并列）

####两个特殊模型：
**1）同位语从句**：用一句话解释一个词  翻译方式: ","+即+句子单独处理  
      I agree with the idea that you told me.     
      I agree with the idea that she is beautiful.  即，她很漂亮    
      
**Example**: 主(The great interest) in exceptional children shown in public education over the past three decades 谓(indicates) 宾(the strong feeling) in our society that all citizens, whatever their special conditions, deserve the opportunity to fully develop their capabilities.